Who says Zhang Cheng doesn't have a girlfriend?
We are very picky
Not some broken shoes and buses are worthy of him
I am Zhang Cheng's girlfriend
Sorry, everybody.
You're late. What do you want?
I just wanted to treat you to dinner
Why are you afraid that I will eat you?
Who let you in?
Don't you know you're not allowed in today?
People come people
Throw this dog man out for me
Tired of living and short of money, the two of them are VIPs in our hotel
They can erase pictures of our hotel
It is a great honor for our hotel
Have you forgotten that my previous life group was your big customer?
In my previous life, the dignity of the group will not be trampled on by anyone
Less money if you are persistent
I have to ask the security to take you out of here
Ha ha.
I'll let you know today that I know it's not easy to mess with
Throw the door out
Life!